#### Section 1 - (5 mins)
1. ##### Explain the difference between an abstract class and an interface.
  
2. ##### What is the purpose of getters and setters in a class?

In OOP, getters and setters are used to protect data & hide implementation details. Getters are known as accessors and setters are known as mutators, by convention, getters start with the word "get" and setters with the word "set", then following with a variable name which starts with a capital letter. 

They allow you to control how important variables are accessed and updated in your code, with a chance to validate the input in the setter before actually setting the value. For example making a variable private that means you would use a setter method to update it, then use a getter to access it.
	
#### Section 2 - Testing - (5 mins)
1. ##### Explain the purpose of black box testing.
 
This method is also known as Behavioral Testing. It is a software testing method that focuses on testing the functionalities of a software application without having knowledge of internal code structure, implementation details. The main focus is input and output of software and that is based on software requirements & specifications.

A tester would provide an input, and observes the output generated by the system under the test. This makes it possible to identify how the system responds to expected and unexpected user actions/activities, the system response time, usability issues and reliability issues. We can simulate user activity and see if the system delivers on its promises. Along the way, a black box test evaluates all other relevant systems, including UI/UX, web servers, database, and integrated systems.

2. ##### In your opinion what are the benefits of test cases

Test cases do help in eliminating uncertainty about the tests that have been conducted whether they have covered all the scenarios complementing the expectations that have been set, because that results in lots of time being wasted. The test cases should cover all known scenarios to test the software, and one of the best practices is to avoid this situation is to get the test cases prepared in advance.


#### Section 3 - NodeJS specific questions - (5 mins)
1. ##### What is an error first callback, and what is the reason for this pattern existing?.

It is a function which either returns an error object as the first argument & any successful data on the second argument returned by the function.
* The error object is reserved for if there is any error that has occurred during the execution of the function, it will be returned as the first argument, if there is no error then the error object will be null.
* Second argument of the callback function is reserved for any successful data returned by the function.

This pattern exist as a convention and as Node.js relies on asynchronous code to stay fast, having a dependable callback pattern is crucial. Without one, developers would be stuck maintaining different signatures and styles between each and every module. The pattern was introduced into Node core to solve this very problem, and has since spread to become today’s standard. While every use-case has different requirements and responses, the error-first pattern can accommodate them all.


3. ##### Explain the difference between fs.readSync and fs.read (File System module in Nodejs)
What tasks do you feel should be done asynchronously?

Section 4 - NodeJS coding - (15 - 20 mins)
(a) is a trivial example of callback hell
Refactor the code for the better, using any techniques you are aware of
Place code in load_contents.js
Take path as an argument

Section 5 - NodeJS coding with classes - Fruit Basket - (40 - 50 mins)
Load data from file `input.json`, the file contents are given in (i) Example input data
You must create and use a FruitBasket class and a Fruit class.
You may create any additional classes based on your approach 
Implement code that will answer the following questions:
How many fruits are in the basket
How many fruits of a specific type are in the basket
How heavy is the basket
Output the data to file `output.json`, the file format should match (ii) Example output data for the given input data in (i), this is simply a json file
Create a success scenario black box test


Section 6 - NodeJS test cases - Fruit Basket 
This is an optional section and does not need to be completed if you have already spent more than an hour and a half on the previous sections
Create a failure scenario black box test
Write the unit test cases you feel are most relevant









(a)
const fs = require('fs');
const path = process.argv[2];

function getFileContents(path, callback) {
  fs.exists(path, (exists) => {
    if (exists) {
      console.log('exists');
      fs.stat(path, (err, stats) => {
        if (err) {
          return callback(new Error('Error trying to get stats'));
        }
        console.log(stats);
        if (stats.size > 0) {
          fs.readFile(path, (err, buffer) => {
            if (err) {
              return callback(new Error('Error trying to get stats'));
            }
            return callback(null, buffer);
          })
        } else {
          return callback(new Error('File exists but there is no content'));
        }
      })
    } else {
      return callback(new Error('File does not exist'));
    }
  })
}


getFileContents(path, (err, contents) => {
  if (err) {
    console.error(`There was an error getting contents for ${path}`, err);
    return;
  }
  console.info('File was found and the contents were loaded');
});


The Fruit Basket Project
We have a fruit basket
It has a max allowed weight
We have various types of fruits, Apples | Oranges | Peaches | Pears
All fruits have a weight
All fruits have a color

(i) Example input data:
[{
  "id": "1ceb8c95-736f-4da3-86d9-86d55893b38a",
  "max_weight": 8,
  "contents": [{
    "type": "apple",
    "color": "green",
    "weight": 1.5
  }, {
    "type": "apple",
    "color": "red",
    "weight": 1
  }, {
    "type": "pear",
    "color": "green",
    "weight": 2.5
  }]
}]


(ii) Example output data for the given input data in (i):
[{
  "id": "1ceb8c95-736f-4da3-86d9-86d55893b38a",
  "total_fruits": 3,
  "total_weight": 5,
  "fruit_counts": [{
    "type": "apple",
    "count": 2
  }, {
    "type": "pear",
    "count": 1
  }]
}]
